add release notes for v0.2.1 (#437)
Quansight/ragna: docs/references/release-notes.md

# Release notes

## Version 0.2.1

### Feature changes and enhancements

- Ragna is now available on
  [conda-forge](https://github.com/conda-forge/ragna-feedstock)! Check out the
  [installation instructions](../install.md).
- A new

>   [extensive tutorial on how to use custom components](../generated/tutorials/gallery_custom_components.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [extensive tutorial on how to use custom components](../tutorials/gallery_custom_components.py)
```
I'm not sure if I might be missing something here, but this url doesn't seem to work for me
